{{cookiecutter.package_uid}}/help/{{cookiecutter.transformer_name}}.md, before:

# {{cookiecutter.transformer_name}}
A description of the transformer.
This first paragraph is previewed in the Quick Add dialog of FME Workbench.

## Typical uses
Displays "Hello, `FIRST_NAME`!"

## How does it work?
Description of how the transformer works.

## Configuration
### Input Ports
#### Input
This transformer accepts any feature.
### Output Ports
#### Output
- **_greeting:** Output greeting with the specified name.

#### <Rejected>
Features that cause the operation to fail are output through this port.
Rejected features have `fme_rejection_code` and `fme_rejection_message` attributes
which specify the reason for the failure.

**Note:** If the input feature has an existing value for `fme_rejection_code`, the value will be removed.

**Rejected Feature Handling:** Ban be set to either terminate the translation or
continue running when it encounters a rejected feature.
This setting is available both as a default [FME option](https://docs.safe.com/fme/html/FME_Desktop_Documentation/FME_Workbench/Workbench/options_workspace_defaults.htm)
and as a [workspace parameter](https://docs.safe.com/fme/html/FME_Desktop_Documentation/FME_Workbench/Workbench/workspace_parameters.htm).

### Parameters
#### Options
- **First Name:** First name to be greeted by. Defaults to "World".

Commit message:

Improve quality of sample doc; don't include dev comments in output. (#20)
* Improve quality of sample doc; don't include dev comments in output.

* Fix typo.

{{cookiecutter.package_uid}}/help/{{cookiecutter.transformer_name}}.md, after:

# {{cookiecutter.transformer_name}}
The {{cookiecutter.transformer_name}} transformer takes a first name as input,
and outputs a greeting for that person.

[//]: # (If the user has the package installed, then the first paragraph above)
[//]: # (is shown when the transformer is selected in the Quick Add pane of FME Workbench.)
[//]: # (The rest of this file is the main documentation for the transformer)
[//]: # (and should fully describe its functionality and parameters.)

This transformer is part of the FME Package
[{{cookiecutter.publisher_uid}}.{{cookiecutter.package_uid}}]({{cookiecutter.package_url}}).

## Typical uses
To set an attribute that contains a customizable greeting.

## How does it work?
Sets an attribute named `_greeting` with a value of `Hello, [FIRST NAME]!`.

## Configuration
### Input Ports
#### Input
This transformer accepts any feature.
### Output Ports
#### Output
- **_greeting:** The greeting based on the given parameters.

#### <Rejected>
Features that cause the operation to fail are output through this port.
Rejected features have `fme_rejection_code` and `fme_rejection_message` attributes
which specify the reason for the failure.

**Note:** If the input feature has an existing value for `fme_rejection_code`, the value will be removed.

**Rejected Feature Handling:** Can be set to either terminate the translation or
continue running when it encounters a rejected feature.
This setting is available both as a default [FME option](https://docs.safe.com/fme/html/FME_Desktop_Documentation/FME_Workbench/Workbench/options_workspace_defaults.htm)
and as a [workspace parameter](https://docs.safe.com/fme/html/FME_Desktop_Documentation/FME_Workbench/Workbench/workspace_parameters.htm).

### Parameters
#### Options
- **First Name:** First name to be greeted by. Defaults to "World".
